README.md, before:

# LDPC recovery
This project aims to recover H matrix of a LDPC code without candidate set on a noisy channel      

Final goal is to fully recover Parity Check Matrix(H) of a NAND flash memory      

[Theoretical background][link]

[link]:https://bluesparrow2000.github.io/paperreview/LDPC/


## Installations
This project is based on python. Below are the packages that needs to be installed:

numpy      
numba      
scipy              

## Files
- main.py      
An executable file that generates LDPC code with random H matrix, and performs ECO to recover H matrix 
- LDPC_sampler.py      
Randomly generates H matrix and code words corresponding to it 
- ECO.py      
Performs fast Elementary Column Operation
- gauss_elim.py      
Original code for fast gaussian elimination on GF2 (binary matrix)
- extracter.py      
Extracts parity check vector from ECO matrix
- sparsifier.py      
Sparsify a binary matrix
- prettyprinter.py      
Prints 2D array in a readable format


## version history
2025.06.24 Basic LDPC simulation without noise      

## License
Available for non-commercial use

Commit message:

1,2 bit shift noise and sort by reliability

README.md, after:

# LDPC recovery
This project aims to recover H matrix of a LDPC code without candidate set on a noisy channel      

Final goal is to fully recover Parity Check Matrix(H) of a NAND flash memory      

[Theoretical background][link]

[link]:https://bluesparrow2000.github.io/paperreview/LDPC/


## Installations
This project is based on python. Below are the packages that needs to be installed:

numpy      
numba      
scipy              

## Files
- main.py      
An executable file that generates LDPC code with random H matrix, and performs ECO to recover H matrix 
- LDPC_sampler.py      
Randomly generates H matrix and code words corresponding to it 
- ECO.py      
Performs fast Elementary Column Operation
- gauss_elim.py      
Original code for fast gaussian elimination on GF2 (binary matrix)
- extracter.py      
Extracts parity check vector from ECO matrix
- verifier.py
Format H matrix into diagonal format and verify if it is same as the original one
- sparsifier.py      
Sparsify a binary matrix
- prettyprinter.py      
Prints 2D array in a readable format


## version history
2025.06.24 Basic LDPC simulation without noise      
2026.07.03 Add small noise and sort dual vectors by reliability (if more dual vectors are found than n-k, we crop it)


TODO        
Add gaussian noise and test
Read the real codeword data and try to recover H matrix



## License
Available for non-commercial use
